Title: About us [Sample content]
URL: /sites/GMFDemo/SitePages/About-us.aspx
Modified: 2025-04-09T18:04:38Z
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Who we are Our organization is worldwide and is made up of passionate people who want to invest their time in making the world a better place. Our work prioritizes the health and wellbeing of others as well as the planet. Our mission embraces a global and inclusive perspective. What we do We prioritize the health and wellbeing of vulnerable youth and historically underrepresented communities around the world. We do this by connecting people with basic resources, educational opportunities, upskilling programs, and access to technology. Our mission Our mission is to empower youth and historically underrepresented people in our communities to pursue healthy and meaningful lives. We do this by building and maintaining relationships and connections to basic resources like healthy groceries and child care, as well as education, professional services, and family recreation. Our Impact AFFORDABLE HOUSING Fundraising efforts have helped us build housing assistance programs that have already helped 13,000 families find homes. RECREATION AND MENTORSHIP Engaging programs designed to uplift youths have invested 250,000 hours in a future generation of leaders. PROFESSIONAL AND UPSKILLING SERVICES Mentorship, resume workshops, and temp-to-hire training programs have helped us find long-term jobs for 6,000 people. FAMILY MEAL PLANNING Partnerships with local food banks and farmers helped us deliver over 75,000 healthy meals and counting. Our programs Developing a greater sense of belonging and self-worth is at the center of our programs. Inclusivity is a priority and one of our goals is to provide support and resources for people at all stages of life and from all backgrounds. Programs evolve over time to meet the needs of our community. Youth recreation and mentorship We coordinate and connect families with local schools, childcare, and activities. Youth mentorship pairing Clubs and sports Professional services and upskilling We have support to help people create resume, find work, and learn new skills. Resume building workshops Temp-to-hire programs Housing, meals, and transportation We manage a network of affordable housing options close to transportation and schools. Affordable housing Healthy family meal planning Our team Educators, healthcare professionals, social scientists, and artists are the former professions of many staff members. Our team is located around the world and we have a regional office on every continent. Worldwide our organization works with over 10,000 volunteers each year!