Title: Training and resources [Sample content]
URL: /sites/GMFDemo/SitePages/Training.aspx
Modified: 2025-04-09T18:04:47Z
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Learn something new today Find training targeted to your specific role. Challenge yourself by enrolling in an advanced course and discover alternative training resources at the bottom of the page that help ensure you've got the right skills and tools to be effective in your role. New volunteers Start building your volunteer skillset by learning about our cause, and then move on to more challenging training modules. Video: Introduction to the mission Student and teacher using an abacus. Basic first-aid First aid bag and supplies laid out on a table. Video: Foster trust and community A nurse holds hands with a patient. Volunteer policies and code of conduct Multiple books stacked on top of each other. Regional coordinators Learn how to be an effective and compassionate regional coordinator to make an even bigger impact in your role. Video: Introduction to grant writing Woman writes on a post-it note on the wall. International relations Hands holding a small globe. Servant leadership and communication Two sitting women reviewing notes. Video: Engaging large audiences Blurred image of people in a conference room. Advanced training paths Expand your skillset and open doors to new opportunities in the world of volunteering. Prepared meal guidelines Bag of produce on a wood table. Run a donations campaign Multiple stacked cardboard shipping boxes. Video: Working with at-risk youth People smiling at the camera as someone's hand covers the lens slightly. Introduction to upskilling services Woman smiling at a man. More learning resources Discover alternative training and resources that can be applied to your volunteer work. Diversity and inclusion Allyship 101 Inclusive language best practices Accessibility guidelines Health and safety Safety precautions for volunteers Get CPR certified Extreme weather guides Housing and transportation Food bank directory Free or low-cost public transit Housing programs